Internet - one of the biggest cause for revolution of human history has an enormous impact
on the information transfer between people. Reading books, articles, newspapers, and any
other resources related to reading was just thrown away by people just like people preferred
vehicles for transportation rather than being on foot in the street. There are many cons and pros of this changes for humanity. 

Well, the main purpose of the Internet wasn't actually data transfer between people to people initially. But later on, people started to use Internet for different purposes, online markets, communication, reading, listening to music, and all other activities. Before estimating future, considering the current situation would be reasonable. Starting with pros of online reading we can build quite understandable definition to Internet the source which seems to replace physical activities to online activity. It is barely possible to imagine our 21th of life without internet, if internet was absent in our lives, Growth of business, industry, software & hardware technology, would be at zero progress. If internet gives opportunity to reduce the demand for paper and ink across the world, alternatively, it influences the newsagent and library industry negatively. Nobody denies that instead of going to library people just type wikipedia.org to reach the deep knowledge about what they were seeking. On the other hand, there are quite terrible and dangerous sides of internet. Till 2000, population around the world were enjoying reading formal newspapers, books, and other paper based resources. That clarifies that there still remains the joy of reading the formal books though. And also, still in recent years, you can find people reading and enjoying printed newspapers and books. Well, as there is many benefits of internet, there still have backsides as well. It is clear that the impact of radical lights on our eyes merging from screen of our technologies warns people and makes people quite cautious of technologies.
Another mind-warning factor of online reading can be scamming. The percentage of spreading untrusted information grows more. 

The industry of newsagent and libraries should be considered thoroughly. It may seem that internet was huge cause of lose of income of book and newspaper selling industry, but, the pros of internet also should be considered while dissatisfaction. There is still possiblity 
to sell books online via credit cards. As conclusion, it would be glorious to mention that 
online reading and any other beneficial changes in humanity works for only positive changes and ease of life.